{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red220\green220\blue220;\red30\green31\blue33;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c89020\c89020\c89020;\cssrgb\c15686\c16471\c17255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh17280\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Propter\
\
\
Portr\'e4tt: redaktionellt\
\
Huvud\
A professional lifestyle portrait of a woman with short styled cruly hair inspired by the composition and style of lifestyle magazine. She is wearing a black stylish hoodie layered under a stylish trench coat. The woman stands in a relaxed three-quarter pose in a gritty urban street setting. Her gaze looks outside the image and in one hand she holds a take away coffee. The background features a textured wall with posters and graffiti, with the blurred silhouettes of bicycles parked nearby. High-fidelity textures, shot on a 35mm lens, natural daylight with a soft warm tone, No blue or grey cast anywhere in the frame , shallow depth of field creating a smooth bokeh effect. Contemporary, urban, and authentic.\
\
\
Talare\
\
\
\
Kafe\
\
\
\
REKLAM\
\
Use the attached images as brand reference. Create: a testimonial ad set in a family garge with warm natural light. Bosch hammare on a table, slightly out of focus. Overlaid: large bold white text in Outfit  left align "BUY QUALITY CRY ONCE". Below left aligned: "This hammer not only nails it, it the favourite of the block". Nano Bonanzasson, DIY-wannabe." Five filled dark gree stars. Bosch logo bottom right in white. Shot on 35mm f/2.0. 9:16 aspect ratio.\
\
Use the attached images as brand reference. Create: a press ad offwhite concrete background. Top: "Finns att k\'f6pa p\'e5" in small dark green uppercase wide-tracked text. Below: five grayscale publication logos: Bauhaus, K-Rauta, Rusta, IKEA, Hornbach. Center: Robot slab bold pull-quote in black: "Levererar vid varje slag" with attribution from "DIY m\'e4starna". Lower third: Bosch Hammare at 85mm f/2.8, soft side light. Bosch logo bottom right. Generous white space. Full-page Vogue energy. 4:5 aspect ratio.\
\
Use the attached images as brand reference. Match the exact product design, colors, and typography style precisely. Create: a static ad on a rough wooden background with a lifestyle flatlay arrangement. Top: bold dark green filled banner bar spanning full width, white all-caps in font Outfit black reading "BUY ONE - NEVER BUY ANOTHER". Center: a brown womans\'b4s hand holding a Bosch hammare in mid-frame. Scattered around the edges: FLATLAY PROPS like product nails in different sizes, safty glases, pen, bandaid] arranged organically to fill corners and edges, slightly out of focus. Four stat calloutsin with curved pink arrows pointing toward the held product and lables underneath written in handwritten font : "Durable as fuck", "Hits the target 99% /Health stats", "Erogdynamic shaft / Saves the day", " 30K" / "5 STAR REVIEWS" with five small gold stars. Stats in bold black, labels in all-caps regular weight. Bright, flat studio lighting. Energetic, appetizing, information-dense but scannable. 1:1 aspect ratio.\
\
\
\
Use the attached images as brand reference. Create: a testimonial ad set in [SETTING like bright bathroom / kitchen] with warm natural light. [YOUR PRODUCT] on [SURFACE], slightly out of focus. Overlaid: large bold white sans-serif "[SHORT HEADLINE]". Below: "[FULL QUOTE 2-3 sentences]. [NAME], [CREDENTIAL]." Five filled [BRAND COLOR] stars. [BRAND] logo bottom right in white. Shot on 35mm f/2.0. 9:16 aspect ratio.\
VIRALT\
\
Bonanza\
A large-format editorial poster on fluffy pink background. The single word "BONANZA" fills 78% of the frame in an ultra-condensed heavy sans-serif typeface, tracking set to -0.03em, vertically centered. The letters function as a cut-out stencil window \'97 inside each letter, a photorealistic image of milions of banans: some eaten with only the peal left, others small and big, some green. Outside the letters: solid pink background only. At the bottom-right corner in a small 8pt light-weight serif: "UNCONF 2026" The composition has 8% margin on all sides. No other graphic elements. Print-ready resolution.  --ar 16:9\
\
\'93Take this photo of me and turn me into a collectible figurine inside a toy box. The box should include a clear window to show the figurine, bold graphics, and my name "Maria Bahia" on the packaging. Style the figurine in a fun, toy-like way but keep my likeness recognizable. I wear a black hoody with a banana on it. Make it look like an authentic action figure you\'92d find on a store shelf.\'94\
\
\'93Create a realistic image of me blending in last year Julkalender "Sn\'f6dr\'f6mmar" setting. I\'92m part of the setting acting a role. Make the scene look like a authenic setting of the Sn\'f6dr\'f6mmar. Make the scene look like a classic episode, with the bar setting in the background and hanging in the bar with the rest of the actors. Include me seamlessly in the style of the show.\'94\
\
\'93Create a realistic image of me sitting with Jerry, Elaine, George, and Kramer in Jerry\'92s apartment from Seinfeld. I\'92m part of the group, sitting on the couch with them, laughing as if I just delivered a punchline. Make the scene look like a classic episode, with Jerry\'92s kitchen in the background and the group\'92s casual 90s outfits. Include me seamlessly in the style of the show.\'94\
\
\
STOCKBILDER\
\
\
\
Sv\'e4vande orange kvadratikon i glastyle med vit musiknot i luften, platt pastellgr\'f6n bakgrund, subtil glow och softbox-belysning runt kanterna, perfekt symmetri, aerial vinkel, hyperrealistisk 3D-render, f/11 sk\'e4rpa, volymetrisk belysning.ARPE\
\
Whimsical pastel golden "Carpe fucking diem" neon mounted prominently on a subtle wavy light mexican styl teal wall filling every corner, small hanging ivy plants kissed by morning dew and neon warmth,realistic tubes cables and brackets visible, professional lifestyle stock photo in soft spring daylight, balanced shadows, impeccably sharp details. subtle airborne particles in bokeh, high-end commercial stock image, rich golden hues, precise sharp focus.\
\
A high-end professional studio product photograph of a vintage Rolleiflex Twin Lens Reflex (TLR) camera, centered on a solid, gradiant neutral pale grey background. Top-down flat lay perspective with a slight soft drop shadow. Add an handdrawn arror in wshite to these features: The camera features intricate details: dual Carl Zeiss Jena lenses with subtle blue and white glass reflections, a textured black leatherette body, and polished chrome hardware. The iconic 'ROLLEIFLEX' logo is embossed on the hood. Lighting is soft, diffused, and even, emphasizing the tactile metallic textures and the weathered patina of a mid-century masterpiece. Ultra-sharp focus, 8k resolution, minimalist aesthetic, cinematic still life\
\
\
BONUS\
\
Use the attached images as brand reference for product color and packaging ONLY. Do NOT use ad layouts or polish. This must look like a real person's Instagram Story. Create: a casual iPhone photo of  brown woman's hand with clean natural nails holding the Vont with key packaging details at a slight angle over messy desk with a mac mouse and keyboard, empty coffe cup, coffee stains, a Nocco bottle. Natural overhead daylight, slightly warm, iPhone 15 quality. Scattered across the frame: 5 text bubbles using Instagram Story's built-in highlighted text tool. Each bubble must have a highlighted background for readability, with varied highlight colors between bubbles. Bubble 1: "[TOPIC + EMOJI like gut health \uc0\u55356 \u57137 ]" large and bold. Bubble 2: "[EDUCATIONAL HOOK \'97 a surprising stat or mechanism about why this category matters]". Bubble 3: "[WHY THIS PRODUCT \'97 the specific feature that makes it different, excited informal tone]". Bubble 4: "[PERSONAL RESULT \'97 early experience update, first-person, with emoji]". Bubble 5: "[BRAND ENDORSEMENT \'97 one short line of approval]". Should feel casual and hand-placed, not designed. 9:16 aspect ratio.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 A perfect overhead knolling arrangement of 5 objects on a ethiopian newspaper surface - each element in a grid evenly spaced: Wallish padel racket, Nocco Cola, Haribo Colanappar , Vont sweet melon, a take away latte (standing with no lid). Center the padel racket in the middle. Every item only once and casts a soft, directional shadow from a single natural daylight source at 5600K from the upper-left. The spacing between items is exactly equal. Shot on Phase One IQ4, overhead tripod rig, zero distortion. Deep matte textures on every surface. Graphic, symmetrical, editorially precise. Great focus on ration of products. KonMari Method\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
A candid casual B&W portrait of reference subject as a creative professional looking off-camera and laughing in the style of reference image. High-key lighting, soft shadows, sharp focus on the face with a slight blur on the folded arms. Fujifilm ACROS film simulation, high dynamic range, focus on textile materiality and skin pores, clean and bright composition, Monokrom f\'e4rgskala i djupa gr\'e5toner, kort sk\'e4rpedjup, fashion editorial-komposition. Studiomilj\'f6, cinematiskt h\'f6g detaljrikedom, --ar 3:4\
\
\
A perfect overhead knolling arrangement of 5 objects on a ethiopian newspaper surface - each element in a grid evenly spaced: Wallish padel racket, Nocco Cola, Haribo Colanappar , Vont sweet melon, a take away latte (standing with no lid). Center the padel racket in the middle. Every item only once and casts a soft, directional shadow from a single natural daylight source at 5600K from the upper-left. The spacing between items is exactly equal. Shot on Phase One IQ4, overhead tripod rig, zero distortion. Deep matte textures on every surface. Graphic, symmetrical, editorially precise. Great focus on ration of products. KonMari Method\
\
\'93Turn my photo into a chibi-style desk figurine next to a laptop and coffee cup, on a tidy pastel workspace, with overhead soft light and a cozy, productivity aesthetic.\
\
\
KOMMUNIKATION\
\
\
\
Xtra\
\'938K editorial portrait of a [subject] standing on a rooftop in Stockholm at golden hour, warm backlight kissing the hair and shoulders, soft wraparound fill on the face, realistic skin with freckles and micro\uc0\u8209 highlights on nose and cheeK low camera angle for a powerful fashion\u8209 campaign feel, subtle lens flare, cinematic color grading.\'94\
\
\
\
\
\
[STIL & F\'c4RG]: ULTRAREALISTISKT CINEMATISKT SVARTVITT street-portr\'e4tt. ST\'c4MNING, URBAN MELANKOLI \
Setting: Stockholms innerstad\
[SUBJEKT]: referensbild, m\'f6rkhyad medel\'e5lderskvinna\
POSERING & HANDLING:  SITTANDE P\'c5 EN STENTRAPPA, L\'c4TT FRAM\'c5TLUTAD OCH TANKFULL tittandes mot horizonten.\
[INRAMNING & KOMPOSITION]: Inramad genom ett SUDDIGT ORNAMENTALT SMIDESJ\'c4RNSR\'c4CKE]. Skarpt fokus p\'e5 ansiktet genom r\'e4ckets \'f6ppning, kort sk\'e4rpedjup (bokeh).\
[KL\'c4DER]: VIT T-SHIRT och jeansjacka och slitna jeans och vita nya sneakers.\
[LJUS & KVALITET]: MJUKT NATURLIGT LJUS]. H\'f6g kontrast, djupa sv\'e4rtor, analog filmkornighet. 8k-uppl\'f6sning, ultrarealistiska texturer.\
[TEKNIK]: --ar 4:5\
\
\
\
A candid casual B&W portrait of reference subject as a creative professional looking off-camera and laughing in the style of reference image. High-key lighting, soft shadows, sharp focus on the face with a slight blur on the folded arms. Fujifilm ACROS film simulation, high dynamic range, focus on textile materiality and skin pores, clean and bright composition, Monokrom f\'e4rgskala i djupa gr\'e5toner, kort sk\'e4rpedjup, fashion editorial-komposition. Studiomilj\'f6, cinematiskt h\'f6g detaljrikedom, --ar 3:4\
\
\
Transform this into a dramatic portrait of a person standing under a concentrated spotlight in an industrial or warehouse setting. Strong shadows and highlights emphasize facial contours and body definition. The subject wears stylish casual clothing (denim jacket, dark jeans, sunglasses optional), hands in pockets, confident stance. Film noir aesthetic, high contrast, moody atmosphere. 9:16 vertical format.\
Why this works: The spotlight + industrial combo is trending heavily in streetwear and fashion photography. It's dramatic without being over the top.\
Pro tip: This works best with darker clothing. Bright whites can blow out under the dramatic lighting.\
Best for: Fashion content, streetwear brands, urban lifestyle\
\
Use the attached images as brand reference ONLY. The product must look like the reference image. Create: a promotional ad with a split background. Top 60% is dark green and bottom 40% is like cream white. Bosch hammar sits centered where colors meet, soft studio lighting. Upper area: large white Roboto Slab Bold font reading "K\'d6P EN BYGG ALLT". Below to the left: "Just nu 599 kr". Lower section to the left: small black text with Ergodynamiskt skaft. Bosch logo bottom right.\
\
Photorealistic photo of me sitting on the chinese wall waving at people below, accurate lighting shadows perspective, golden hour dusk, lifestyle adventure ad, shallow DoF, 3:4 mobil\
\
\
Create a hyper-realistic side-profile portrait of a Black woman with a hopeful, introspective gaze, using creative lighting to cast dramatic shadows that emphasize her chiseled features. Use neutral tones for an artistic mood and a softly blurred background shot with an 85mm lens to draw focus to his expressive eyes and emotional presence.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 [STIL & F\'c4RG]: ULTRAREALISTISKT CINEMATISKT SVARTVITT street-portr\'e4tt. ST\'c4MNING, URBAN MELANKOLI\
Setting: Stockholms innerstad\
[SUBJEKT]: referensbild, m\'f6rkhyad medel\'e5lderskvinna\
POSERING & HANDLING: SITTANDE P\'c5 EN STENTRAPPA, L\'c4TT FRAM\'c5TLUTAD OCH TANKFULL tittandes mot horizonten.\
[INRAMNING & KOMPOSITION]: Inramad genom ett SUDDIGT ORNAMENTALT SMIDESJ\'c4RNSR\'c4CKE]. Skarpt fokus p\'e5 ansiktet genom r\'e4ckets \'f6ppning, kort sk\'e4rpedjup (bokeh).\
[KL\'c4DER]: VIT T-SHIRT och jeansjacka och slitna jeans och vita nya sneakers.\
[LJUS & KVALITET]: MJUKT NATURLIGT LJUS]. H\'f6g kontrast, djupa sv\'e4rtor, analog filmkornighet. 8k-uppl\'f6sning, ultrarealistiska texturer.\
[TEKNIK]: --ar 4:5\
\
Ultra\uc0\u8209 realistic black and white editorial portrait of a [subject], shot in a high\u8209 end fashion studio, strong Rembrandt lighting from camera left, deep shadows on one side of the face, razor\u8209 sharp skin texture with visible pores and fine peach fuzz, no beauty\u8209 filter plasticity, subtle film grain, shallow depth of field with blurred backdrop, confident expression with slight intensity in the eyes, Vogue\u8209 style composition, 85mm lens look, f/1.8, monochrome cinematic tone.\'94\
\
Full product levitation photograph: [grillchips.avif] floating at center height , surrounded by [pealed and unpealedpotatos] and scattered [crips] all suspended at individually distinct heights in the frame creating a 3D feeling \'97 each element perfectly sharp, creating a three-dimensional suspended landscape, [clean warm-white], soft studio background from directly above, [electric yellow and red] elements dominating the composition, f/11 for full depth sharpness, professional composite levitation photography, photorealistic 8K, deepth\
\
\
"A vintage 1980s high school yearbook photo of the subject. The subject has a mullet/curly hair or teased hair and is wearing a retro patterned sweater. Awkward, forced smile. The subject is 36 years younger. Background is the classic studio backdrop. Film grain, slight vignette, bad flash photography lighting. '\'c5rkurs 1c - Kungsg\'e5rdsskolan' text at the bottom.\
\
\
Create a professional, studio-quality portrait of the individual from the first reference image (), maintaining their distinct facial features, wild curly grey hair, metal aviator glasses, and direct, wide-eyed gaze. The subject should be posed matching the stance from the second reference image (). The lighting is bright and even, casting subtle shadows to define form. The background is a clean, minimalist off-white studio setting, slightly out of focus. This image must feature ultra-realistic textures, clear focus on the eyes, and a sophisticated, high-end commercial aesthetic, rendered in 8k resolution. Keep ratio and distinct facial features,\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
Anv\'e4nd referensbilderna p\'e5 personen och g\'f6r ett l\'e5gm\'e4lt, dramatiskt studioportr\'e4tt i film\uc0\u8209 noir\u8209 stil: en enda h\'e5rd key\u8209 light fr\'e5n sidan, bakgrunden faller n\'e4stan i svart, starka skuggor som skulpterar kindben och k\'e4klinje, sm\'e5 speglingar i \'f6gonen, svart eller m\'f6rk outfit, tidl\'f6s och konstn\'e4rlig look\
\
\
Du sa\
\
Dubbelexponerat portr\'e4tt av referensbilden av en m\'f6rk kvinna: ansiktet i profil, inuti siluetten syns Stockholms stadssiluett i soluppg\'e5ng, noir svarvit bild, mjuk \'f6verg\'e5ng mellan hud och stad, grafisk men fotorealistisk, viralt dr\'f6mmande \'91arty\'92\uc0\u8209 estetik.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 En medium-studiobild visar den leende kvinnan fr\'e5n referensportr\'e4tten. Hon st\'e5r i den r\'f6da Adidas-sportoverallen fr\'e5n referensbilden och h\'e5ller i en stor, vit ram designad som ett Instagram-inl\'e4gg. Ramen har anv\'e4ndarnamnet "NanoBonaza" och en liten profilbild av henne sj\'e4lv h\'f6gst upp. Hon skrattar mot kameran. Mjukt studioljus lyser upp henne framifr\'e5n mot en ren, ljust gul bakgrund.
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
En kreativ studiobild visar den leende kvinnan fr\'e5n referensportr\'e4tten. Hon st\'e5r i en r\'f6d Adidas-sportoverall och h\'e5ller i en stor, vit ram som \'e4r designad som ett LinkedIn-inl\'e4gg (referense bild 2). Ramen, som verkar sv\'e4va framf\'f6r henne, har anv\'e4ndarnamnet "NanoBonaza" h\'f6gst upp, tillsammans med ikoner f\'f6r LinkedIn, gilla, kommentera, dela och skicka. I inl\'e4gget st\'e5r det "V\'e4lkommen p\'e5 en AI-workout". Hennes ansikte \'e4r identiskt med referensbilderna och hon ler krypiskt. Mjukt frontljus lyser upp henne och kastar en subtil skugga under hennes haka. Hon st\'e5r framf\'f6r en ren, ljust gul studiobakgrund.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}